---
title: TWIL 1
date: 2023-02-16 21:17:28 +0200
tags: [mac]
---

## What the hell is _TWIL_
We've all heard of TIL (today I learned) but to update the blog daily will be too big of a commitment. Thus, _TWIL_ is born! _TWIL_ stands for _This week I learned_, which from context simply means I'll write about what I learned in the past week. This commitment seems like a safe move for a young and upcoming blog. Enough about making up new words, let's jump straight in with the first edition of _TWIL_!

## Browser URL selection
Selecting an URL in a browser is tedious because you have use the slowest part about any PC; the mouse. Thankfully I saw a teammate do it with the keyboard and he told me the `CMD + L` or `CTRL + L` on Windows.

## Clearing the terminal
We've all had the terminal full of failing tests, debug output and random characters and the easiest way to clear this in linux based systems is with the `clear` command. But did you know there's a keybind for this! :open_mouth: This keybind being the `CMD + L` on linux and `CTRL + L` on Windows.

> Less key equal more time. More time to sea world.
>
>-- _Adapted from the famous Kevin Malone_

## On the topic of `CMD + L`
I did a quick ol' Google search to find out what else this simple yet magical keybind can provide and apparently it can do quite a bit! Here's a quick list:
1. Left align contents of a cell within Microsoft Excel.
1. Left align an object or selected text with the left slide of a slide in Microsoft Powerpoint.
1. Left align the current paragraph in Microsoft Word.

So I kinda lied, the keybind basically yeets everything to the left within the Microsoft office suite... How disappointing.