---
layout: post
title: LUpdating 101
date: 2023-11-13 20:19 +0200
tags: [life]
---

## Welcome to LUpdating 101
This is a series of posts I have reserved to drop a few updates about my life. If you are wondering where the other 100 LUpdates are, they are hidden in my mind somewhere between a Brandon Lake song and my 5th grade oral I did on Excel.

### The name
I have meticulously identified and articulated a series of formal reasons that underpin my selection of "LUpdating," which I shall delineate forthwith.

- The "L" is just for Liam, you know?
- "Updating" is like all the life updates rolled into one.
- And seriously, the word made me giggle when I said it out loud.

Thank you for reading my Ted ~talk~ post.

### Update 1
I have joined Unite180 which is a church based around South Africa with headquarters in Pretoria. It has been an amazing journey and for the last 8 months I have grown from not knowing much of Christ to becoming a uGroup (cell group) leader. This has taught me some extreme lessons. For the sake of brevity I won't elaborate here, but if you are interested see the Spirituality tab.

### Update 2
I learned a few hard lessons at work. I had a naive mindset about on-call / operations / ops. That mindset being that it's not as important as the developing / engineering side of an SDE. This resulted in me falling behind and spending about 2 months picking up. Nothing drastic, but I just had to focus about 95% of my work-time on ops and expanding my knowledge. I might expand on this in another post, but don't hold me accountable...

### Update 3
Life. With joining Unite180 I gained a lot of friends and people I enjoy spending time with. This has led me to a whole new group of activities such as CrossFit, Padel, random outings, eating out (_WAY TOO MUCH_) and more!

### Update 4
As mentioned in 3, CrossFit. I first want to start off with a disclaimer and that is I still don't like kipping and it does not compete with a pull-up. Secondly, I started it because my previous uGroup leader and close personal friend, Shain, introduced me to the sport. The sport has helped me significantly with full body strength and agility. I enjoyed it so much that I entered a competition and came 3rd with my team!

### Update 5
Laziness... This one hurts to admit, but all mature people do admit their mistakes and why would I stop being confident now? As my focus shifted I got lazy over the last few days, weeks, months. I feel like it's a burden to write these posts although it took me 15 minutes to write this. I've already changed my mindset which I elaborate on in TIWIL VI.
