---
layout: post
title: LUpdating 103
date: 2024-12-03 13:49 +0200
tags: [life, marriage, work]
---

## Why now?
I haven't touched my blog in over 9 months and for that I feel extremely guilty! I have been having ideas like crazy, but sadly no the motivation to get going. I also haven't formed the habit of small blogs every so often. As I type right now, I know I will once more post quite a few blogs over the next few days instead of the slow and steady pace that I so eagerly desire to achieve. The answer to the question in the heading is simply because I was in front of my laptop and decided to start once more. There's nothing more to it.

## LUpdate 103.1
I got engaged on 09 August 2024! I finally took to one knee and proposed to my beautiful Deandra. She _obviously_ said yes and it was amazing. I believe the details thereof should be its own post and as such feel free to read [The big day]({% post_url 2024-12-03-the-big-day %}).

## LUpdate 103.2 
As in typical fashion I wasn't very patient and got married less than 2 weeks after getting engaged. The wedding was on 21 September 2024 and it was truly amazing. I enjoyed every moment and cannot wait for what lies ahead for my new household. To read more about our special day, take a look at [The big day]({% post_url 2024-12-03-the-big-day %}) post.

## LUpdate 103.3
In September 2024 I moved in my, now my wife and I's, apartment. This 2-bedroom apartment is truly a gift from God. We are in a quiet complex with lovely neighbors and a supportive community. The apartment is only a 10-minute drive from my previous residence.

## LUpdate 103.4
I will be joining a new company soon! I have parted ways with AWS and will be joining [Unifi](https://unifi.credit/) on 06 January 2024. I am very excited for what lies ahead especially since the company is much smaller than the behemoth AWS. 

You might be wondering why I have decided to leave AWS. This will be explained in a another post as I want to highlight the perks, learnings, downfalls and other regarding working at a company such as AWS.

## LUpdate 103.5
I started my next degree! I joined the South African Theology Seminary ([SATS](https://sats.ac.za/)) in August 2024 and since then have completed my first term and almost half-way into the second. I am studying towards a Bachelors in Theology and will be taking my time. Expect to see some posts regarding the modules and learnings from the degree in the future!

## ## LUpdate 103.6
I have a new project that I am excited about! I have started many small projects and each time after the initial excitement the project dies out. This time I gave some thought into what I want to achieve and what problem I want to solve. These thoughts lead to the birth of Bible Games for Growth or BGFG for short. The idea is a game where the user is able to learn about the Bible as they play.