---
layout: post
title: LUpdating 102
date: 2024-03-26 17:12 +0200
tags: [life]
---

## LUpdate 102.1
_Laziness_ is the keyword. I just realized this would be the first post for 2024 and we're basically done with the first quarter. This has been due to absolute laziness on my side. I have come to the realization that I often share my dreams in the vocal realm, but the doing realm gets neglected often. More on this in [TIWIL X](/posts/tiwil-x).

## LUpdate 102.2
I, or shall I say we, have booked our wedding venue and date! Your first response might be to congratulate us on the proposal, but you would be making a tiny mistake. We're not engaged yet! We are doing the whole wedding thing a bit non-traditional. With all the non-traditional planning, there are still some traditions to be kept. More on those in the future. [^1]

## LUpdate 102.3
Life's been a bit tough mentally. Nothing near anxiety attacks or depression, but its been mentally draining. The major shareholder in this is my eating habits. I have been struggling with bad eating habits for over a decade now and this is the year I want to conquer it. More on this in [TIWIL X](/posts/tiwil-x) as well!

## LUpdate 102.4
I am still happily working at AWS! I enjoy all the work that I am doing and have started on my first big solo project. I'm excited to share what I learn from it and what I can already share is the idea of _just starting_. I was afraid of **ALL** edge cases and this lead to much procrastination. Just start or just send the doc for review!

## LUpdate 102.5
I have joined a CrossFit box again! Last year around October I decided to pause the sport and this was a grave mistake. I will be paying for it for quite some time. It still isn't my favorite sport, squash and gym easily take first and second, but I enjoy it for the challenge. The most important factor however is that I can do it with friends. The fellowship overcomes the loneliness squash and gym offers.

[^1]: I want to add details about the engagement, but my to be wife will most likely read this!
